about.md, before:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: home
title: About
permalink: /about/
header-hero: /assets/images/stand-hero.jpeg
---

JonesBrooks Produce sells and grows fresh produce from Farmington, NY. You can find our produce at the Rochester Public Market stalls #85 and #87 and at our farm stands along County Road 8. We offer a variety of dried beans, lentils, sweet corn, potatoes, and more.

## Contact: 

* Don Jones
* 585-734-2152

## Rochester Public Market
* Stalls **#85** and **#87**
* Thursday: 6am - 1pm
* Saturday: 5am - 3pm

## Address
280 N. Union St.\
Rochester, NY 14609 ([map](https://goo.gl/maps/Pve2LGCskuhn6utL6)) 

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d858.7105333483892!2d-77.589817616354!3d43.16507116408407!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x0%3A0x76a86a935b147f4e!2sCity%20of%20Rochester%20Public%20Market!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1615177314982!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="400" height="300" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy"></iframe>

[Public Market Map - Shed A](https://www.cityofrochester.gov/WorkArea/DownloadAsset.aspx?id=21474836969)

## Parking

Free and easy parking is located across from the Union Street entrance with an overflow parking lot near Ametek.

## Farm Stands
Along County Road 8 in Farmington, NY

Commit message:

Added beans page, updated footer, added address, and updated navigation pages

about.md, after:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
header-hero: /assets/images/jonesbrooks-produce-stand2-hero.jpeg
---

JonesBrooks Produce sells and grows fresh produce in Farmington, NY. You can find our produce at the Rochester Public Market stall #85 in Shed A and along our County Road 8 farm stands. We offer a variety of dried beans, lentils, sweet corn, potatoes, and more.

## Contact: 

* Don Jones
* 585-734-2152

## Rochester Public Market

* Stall #85 in [Shed A](/assets/images/Rochester-Public-Market-2017.pdf)
* Thursday: 6am - 1pm
* Saturday: 5am - 3pm

## Address

280 N. Union St.\
Rochester, NY 14609 ([map](https://goo.gl/maps/Pve2LGCskuhn6utL6)) 

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d858.7105333483892!2d-77.589817616354!3d43.16507116408407!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x0%3A0x76a86a935b147f4e!2sCity%20of%20Rochester%20Public%20Market!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1615177314982!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="400" height="300" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy"></iframe>

## Parking

Free and easy parking is located across from the Union Street entrance with an overflow parking lot near Ametek.

## Farm Stands

Along County Road 8 in Farmington, NY
